return your fingers to a new video
well it seems that we throw the house
the window and also fall back
during this early morning xbox live us
derive from it on screen to me I have
to say that he has connected me but hey
coming up with enough reports from people
that is not working in various
countries and so on so let's go
to the super mega graphics of a detector
which is quite useful is the truth of
sounding makes you see
next and tell us how many
how many reports that he is not
working since there are already hours in
this page the truth is that it is quite
useful we see that the highest peak of 7,450
between 4 and 7 in the afternoon
basically then it seems to be here stopped
a little bit and then have at dawn to
from 3 because they have already returned to
start all this again basically
the highest percentage there is of these
errors is to be achieved 56% then
play online 33% and get into the
bazaar in the store 10% are those that
they are so spread out by stopping
problems and others and reported now
same as I say then in several countries
is falling to you in some
some will probably not work to
others if a great hand to a great
part and xico will work because then if
we compare with the psn graph we see
that the peaks are pretty more more
great the truth
good fucking as always in the truth
there are many people that still good
we still do not know the apparent cause of
all this can not be attacks of
two computer attacks attacks
hackers what you want then also you
rumored that it was because of the
interview movie
basically it's a comedy not in the
they try to manage what they kill
the type to be
to say it as basically call it at
supreme leader of North Korea and
It seems that North Korea launched
attacks and others to sony entertainment
sony pictures that says and good
basically the feve and blamed the chorea
north then they said no what if
then you do not want it then I do not know how many
then also what will be attacks
or something like that good guys who
They also hacked and said they are going to
have bombings and all this the cinemas
good moves pretty pretty from
flipado not the typical ones of Korea
new north inside a missile and it kills me
we have imagined and who has uploaded the
video do not hesitate good kids do not know no
I think that's true the truth premiered in
xbox live also in cinemas and others but
good has also been released on youtube
and all this and well I do not think it's
going absolutely nothing with that yes already
I do not think North Korea live xbox
sn truth is possible that some little
they are doing their best but I do not know
they have more important things in which
focus I do not know I imagine
so, well, nothing more, guys, let's go like this
is changing things I think that
tomorrow goes to the member booth that
tomorrow will work all right not for
at least those but let's go I'll stay
Then if it's still so good
See you tomorrow probably me
I will throw to the super bed
and I think tomorrow morning
all this will work so good nothing
more guys this has been all in talk
in the next video until next